Support for `data_masking` in `azurerm_api_management_api_diagnostic` (#12419)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/api_management_api_diagnostic.html.markdown

* `headers_to_log` - (Optional) Specifies a list of headers to log.

* `data_masking` - (Optional) A `data_masking` block as defined below.

---

A `data_masking` block supports the following:

* `query_params` - (Optional) A `query_params` block as defined below.

* `headers` - (Optional) A `headers` block as defined below.

---

> A `query_params`, `headers` block supports the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `query_params` and `headers` blocks support the following:
```
